drop use of deprecated pkg_resources (#508)
pypa/wheel: docs/news.rst

- Updated vendored ``packaging`` to 23.0
- Fixed spaces in platform names not being converted to underscores (PR by David Tucker)

> - Drop use of deprecated ``pkg_resources`` (PR by Thomas Grainger)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed ``DeprecationWarning`` about the use of the deprecated ``pkg_resources`` API
  (PR by Thomas Grainger)
```
